y'all listen up here is the story about
a little guy that lives in a blue world
and all day and all night and everything
he sees it just blew like him inside
everybody all I need Spanish all the IM
WTF people's this is my best friend
Pedro go to parties together the wac
piñatas and on ya pussy follow me Tony
get a trophy I want to go funny okay
anyways we're gonna do this we're gonna
take my time up here gave it all he said
the late-season amazing legit piggy is
and thought it was beautiful my mexican
singing was awesome oh wait I with the
rock babies falling on the frigid air
values at cecconi's over here twisting
oh my god every time I jump on the Coon
Oh every time I jump on it was just the
olive it's bringing gay oh my god it
like it like me see thousands of a neat
dude if you were to see my screen right
now it may be bouncing sit here and
worry like now I think I'm a parachute
I today we're going to New pleasant one
listen one is where you go ahead and you
go on top of that but here your dome on
is and then you come on it and the saga
Bishop put down here and I should have
therefore no I'm awesome reloading okay
let's do it but us all over doing it now
okay did you do now okay good changing I
can't check out the belly as you can see
he is any
haha I win mr. recorded love you daddy
it's a poopy it now
guys let's go okay again we're going on
this right here this beast you can
though we're going to make our way to
this end of the black trunk which I like
to call the ass he jumped up there and
he goes on these other two top ones it's
very tricky for the first few times but
eventually you can get it and then he's
going to go ahead jump on this line to
trade I think you smoking pot whatever
you made up there but still came out
pretty wrong and then you get up there
where he is yeah when you touch you
haunt you this is the ride and then I go
there or have a good time up here too
as you can see my guys have as bad as a
check right now he's pretty cold oh hey
drover year disease on there right there
Freddie saw it I'm just cute him and
he's gonna come up on that stage okay as
you can see you can't get on this that
otherwise you're gonna be a stupid fuck
Bailey so here we go as you can see I
had this you can get up those people
shouldn't have a dick you won't have
anything to you later on but now don't
kill me Ava I'll kill you okay then yeah
with this other one so here we go to the
next one
I today he went up there up there you
see that little sturgeon he turned over
there yeah we're gonna get we're gonna
get his guy right here up here Papa
shoot him in the ass get hay bale of
course let's go see lay spread out very
wise like fuck them come on anyways now
yes there's oh yeah and then there's
another one over here but I can I'm
really listen to me
stupid horde
you